---
layout: post
title: The Racer
---

I bought my first real motorcycle back in 2005. It was a 1981 Suzuki GS550 that mostly ran and _sometimes_ ran well enough to get me to class _and back_. I was hooked. The GS550 was quickly followed by a [1983 Honda Nighthawk 650](/sandblast2019/resources/nighthawk.jpg) that was smooth and reliable and took me to and from work, school, and all over East Texas—rain or shine.

A long list of bikes have since graced a spot in my garage. In 2011, I was introduced to the art of off-road riding by a [Suzuki DR650](/sandblast2019/resources/dr650.jpg), and I was quickly sucked into the world of dual-sport and adventure riding. I've been riding a mix of on-road and off-road ever since. Currently, I own a [2009 KTM 505 XC-F]({% post_url /sandblast2019/2018-12-31-the-ktm %}) and a [2016 Honda VFR1200X](/sandblast2019/resources/vfr1200x.jpg).

I attended the 2018 [Sandblast Rally](https://www.sandblastrally.com/) as a course volunteer; after seeing the action up close, I knew I had to try it for myself. I have accumulated thousands of miles of experience riding off-road on big adventure bikes (like my [Moto Guzzi Stelvio](/sandblast2019/resources/stelvio.jpg) and [Africa Twin](/sandblast2019/resources/africatwin.jpg)), dirt bikes, and even a [Ural sidecar rig](/sandblast2019/resources/ural.jpg).

On March 2, 2019, I left the starting line at 8:46:00 a.m. and launched into the 2019 Sandblast Rally as a competitor. A little less than 10 hours later and a lot muddier, I rolled to the finish line to hand in my timecard as a finisher. What a blast!

## 2019 Sandblast Rally Racer Prep

* [Rider Protection]({% post_url /sandblast2019/2019-01-08-rider-protection %}): keeping my spine in one piece
* [Fees, Fees, and More Fees]({% post_url /sandblast2019/2019-01-09-fees-fees-fees %}): what it takes to be official
* [First Aid Kit]({% post_url /sandblast2019/2019-01-09-first-aid-kit %}): just in case
* [Medical Evaluation]({% post_url /sandblast2019/2019-01-22-medical-eval %}): race physical
* [T-minus 4 Days]({% post_url /sandblast2019/2019-02-26-t-minus-4-days %}): last-minute preparation
* [Debrief]({% post_url /sandblast2019/2019-03-05-debrief %}): what worked and what didn't
